content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Nelson Bighetti

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Professor of Artificial Intelligence

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Stanford University
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Computational Linguistics
- Information Retrieval

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Stanford University
    year: 2012
  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2009
  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/gcushen
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

Commit message:

New website in blogdown with first post on KRLS shiny and working papers

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Galen Murray

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Ph.D. Candidate Political Science Master's Candidate Statistics

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of California, Los Angeles
  url: "polisci.ucla.edu"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
# bio: Broadly, my work is in comparative politics with a regional focus on India.

interests:
- Criminal Politicians
- Causal Inference
- Indian Politics

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD Political Science
    institution: University of California, Los Angeles
    year: Expected 2020
  - course: MS Statistics
    institution: University of California, Los Angeles
    year: Expected 2020
  - course: BA Political Science
    institution: University of California, Berkeley
    year: 2009
  - course: BA Film
    institution: University of California, Berkeley
    year: 2009
    

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/galenpmurray
# - icon: google-scholar
#  icon_pack: ai
#  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/gpmurray
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Currently, I’m a Ph.D. Candidate in Political Science, with a regional focus on India. I study how corruption and criminal elements impede (or facilitate) public service delivery and how politicians’ personal characteristics shape governance strategies. In particular, I research how criminal politicians influence the delivery of India’s largest anti-poverty program. Methodologically, I’m interested in combining qualitative fieldwork with causal inference using observational and spatial data. My research is funded by the American Institute of Indian Studies Jr. Fellowship, UCLA’s Dissertation Fellowship and the UCLA International Institute.

{{% staticref "files/Galen Murray_CV.pdf" %}}Download my current CV here{{% /staticref %}}.
